1.The choice between LOESS smoothing and Kalman smoothing depends on the characteristics of the data and the goals you are trying to achieve. LOESS smoothing is simpler and more intuitive, but it only considers temperature data and is independent of time. This makes it less sensitive to sudden changes. On the other hand, Kalman smoothing considers more information (CPU usage, system load, fan speed), and therefore can provide more accurate temperature estimates. However, it is more complex, harder to implement and adjust.

2.Accelerometer and gyroscope data may be used to provide more accurate predictions about the "next" latitude and longitude. For example, if the accelerometer shows that the device is still, we can predict that latitude and longitude will not change significantly. Similarly, if the gyroscope shows that the device is rotating, we can predict that the direction of movement (and therefore the change in latitude and longitude) will change. However, incorporating these additional data into the prediction will increase the complexity of the model.

3.This problem involves specific properties of the transformation matrix used in GPS Kalman filters. The transformation matrix is used to predict the next state based on the current state. In this case, it implies that the next latitude and longitude are a rotation of the current latitude and longitude. A specific value in the matrix, multiplied by 3e5, is similar to a rotation matrix that rotates approximately 285 degrees. This may be related to the magnetic declination around Vancouver, which is the angle between magnetic north (indicated by the Earth's magnetic field) and true north. 

4.This experiment is basically testing the accuracy of the prediction model without any new measurements. If the transition covariance value of latitude and longitude is set very small, the Kalman filter will trust the model prediction more than the measurement value. If the prediction always tends towards a certain direction, it indicates that the model may have bias. For example, if the predicted trajectory is always biased towards the right compared to the actual roads/sidewalks on the map, it indicates that the model may have overestimated the rate of longitude change. Conversely, if the predicted trajectory is always shorter than the actual roads/sidewalks, it indicates that the model may have underestimated the rate of latitude and longitude change.