1.The T-test assumptions seemed to be most closely satisfied by the square root transformation. This is demonstrated by the fact that the converted weekend data's normality p-value and equal-variance p-value are both larger than 0.05, indicating that the data may now be normally distributed with equal variances. However, take notice that the normality test for the transformed weekday data failed (p-value 0.05), showing that the transformed weekday data is not regularly distributed.

2.The original T-test's null hypothesis is that the number of comments made on weekdays and weekends does not differ significantly from one another. If the null hypothesis is rejected, it indicates that there is a large difference in the volume of comments on weekdays compared to weekends. Transformed Data T-test: The same as the previous test, the null hypothesis for this test (conducted on square root transformed data) is that there is no discernible difference in the transformed number of comments submitted on weekdays and weekends. It implies a substantial difference in the transformed number of comments between weekdays and weekends if we reject the null hypothesis.

3.The Mann-Whitney U test may be the most appropriate of the four techniques utilised (the original T-test, modified data T-test, by-week T-test, and Mann-Whitney U test). This is so that the Mann-Whitney U test, which is compatible with our data that failed the normality test, may be used without presuming that the data are normally distributed. The by-week T-test does demonstrate a substantial difference between weekdays and weekends, but because the data is aggregated into weekly portions, some daily changes may be lost. Therefore, given the nature of our data, the Mann-Whitney U test would yield the most trustworthy result.

4.Since all the tests returned significant results, we can conclude that there is a statistically significant difference between the number of comments posted on weekdays and weekends. From the data, we can see that on average, the number of Reddit comments posted on the /r/canada subreddit on weekdays (average of 1823.58) is higher than on weekends (average of 1269.51). Therefore, we can conclude that on average, more Reddit comments are posted on weekdays than on weekends in the /r/canada subreddit.